Improve installation related docs and setup.py (#425)
LesFruitsDefendus/saskatoon-ng: INSTALL.md

Please follow each part of this documentation in order to run your own instance of Saskatoon.

## Overview

> 1. [Requirements](#requirements)

Author: Agree.

> 2. [Install Saskatoon](#installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Installation](#installation)
```

3. [Configuration](#configuration)

>    1. [Prepare `.env` settings](#.env-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. [Prepare `.env` settings](#env-settings)
```

Author: Ah, good catch! Thx.

   2. [Set up local database](#local-database)
   3. [Set up Django](#django-setup)
4. [Launch Saskatoon server](#launch-the-saskatoon-server-on-localhost)

> 5. [Load sample data (fixtures)](#loading-sample-data-(fixtures))

Author: Fixed. Thx.

    ```
    $ sudo mysql -u root -p
    > CREATE USER '<user>'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY '<password>';
    > SELECT user FROM mysql.user;   // show all users
    > CREATE DATABASE saskatoon_dev;
    > SHOW DATABASES;
    > GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON saskatoon_dev.* TO '<user>'@'localhost';
    > ALTER DATABASE saskatoon_dev CHARACTER SET utf8;

    ```

    Example mysql configuration in `.env` file:
    ```
    # Database
    SASKATOON_DB_ENGINE=django.db.backends.mysql
    SASKATOON_DB_NAME=saskatoon_dev
    SASKATOON_DB_USER=<user>
    SASKATOON_DB_PASSWORD=<password>
    SASKATOON_DB_HOST=127.0.0.1
    ```

    You can optionally configure other database engines. Please refer to [this Django documentation](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.2/ref/settings/#databases).

    For database migrations, see [database](#database).

### Django setup

First, activate the virtual environment, if it is inactive:
```
$ . venv/bin/activate
```

#### Initiate the database:
```
(venv)$ python3 saskatoon/manage.py migrate --skip-checks
```

In case you have an error similar to this one:
```
django.db.utils.OperationalError: (1071, 'Specified key was too long; max key length is 767 bytes')
```

> then you need set your SQLite/MySQL database to UTF-8:

Author: Agree.

$ mysql -u <user> -p <db_name> < dump_file.sql
```

> > WARNING: was only able to import a dump file into a database of the **same name**. To get the original database name from the dump file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WARNING: the database you are importing the dump file into should be *empty* and have the **same name** as the original database. To get the original database name from the dump file:
```

Author: Agree.
